Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/industrial_users/r2c.md

r2c is a VC-funded security company headquartered in San Francisco and distributed worldwide. The main product as of 2021 is [Semgrep](https://semgrep.dev/), an open-source,syntax-aware grep that supports many languages. OCaml is used extensively for parsing and analyzing source code.

> Semgrep was originally open-sourced at Facebook and its roots lie in the Linux refactoring tool, [Coccinelle](https://coccinelle.gitlabpages.inria.fr/website/ - [1 Client error: Couldn't connect to server]). r2c continues Semgrep’s development and is [hiring software engineers](https://jobs.lever.co/returntocorp - [404 Not Found]) who specialize in program analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep was originally open-sourced at Facebook and its roots lie in the Linux refactoring tool, [Coccinelle](https://github.com/coccinelle/coccinelle). r2c continues Semgrep’s development and is [hiring software engineers](https://jobs.lever.co/returntocorp - [404 Not Found]) who specialize in program analysis.
```
